I could get you an interview with a Time
Square pimp in two thousand words I am
gonna look into this man's skull
Jonathan Fisher is a reporter with a
deadline by I can't get anybody to talk
to me out here look I gotta go he's
about to get a dangerous idea this is
fantastic
Frenchy get all this stuff easy you paid
it up now he's crossing the line between
fact and fiction - Tyrone and his lie
has landed him in the middle of a murder
investigation bail is set at two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars
mr. Small's can make bail I'm an expert
you wrote that story about you know
Fisher Jonathan right I will show you
the speed spell Jonathan Fisher has a
lot to learn I take the bread take it
easy
yeah absolutely no one refuses to comply
with my subpoenas or withhold evidence
for my court remove the prison he thinks
he's tough enough you're gonna write
them notes that everybody's been asking
for but in time you gonna say that on
the days that booze bought at you an
hour and rock quiz I'm we're having hot
dog you tampered with evidence if I even
think you're tampering with evidence I'm
gonna put you so far away you won't even
remember what the streets look like I'm
not gonna do that I'm gonna catch
but he'd better wise up fast because
there's only one way to survive on the
streets blow your brains out right now
um did your dick Christopher Reeve
Gordon Freeman street smart